{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab E. Amarantidou, \uc0\u8220{}AcubeSAT UHF Link Budget Analysis.\uc0\u8221{} Dec. 29, 2020. Accessed: Mar. 12, 2025. [Online]. Available: https://gitlab.com/acubesat/comms/budgets/link-budget-analysis/-/blob/master/CDR%20budgets/UHF_link.xlsx?ref_type=heads
\
[2]\tab Calum Clarke, Daniel Aitken, Craig Sutherland, and Hannah Wright, \uc0\u8220{}Strathclyde Spacecraft Tracking & Command Station.\uc0\u8221{} 2016.
\
[3]\tab Ettus Research, \uc0\u8220{}B210 Spec Sheet.\uc0\u8221{} Ettus Research. Accessed: Mar. 14, 2025. [Online]. Available: https://www.ettus.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/b200-b210_spec_sheet.pdf
\
[4]\tab Fitri Dewi Jaswar, Tharek Abd. Rahman, and Yasser Asrul Ahmad, \uc0\u8220{}Design and Validation of an Adaptive Cubesat Transmitter System using a Thermal Vacuum Chamber (TVAC),\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IJRTE}, vol. 8, no. 3S2, pp. 207\uc0\u8211{}212, Dec. 2019, doi: 10.35940/ijrte.C1039.1083S219.
\
[5]\tab E. Grayver, A. Chin, J. Hsu, S. Stanev, D. Kun, and A. Parower, \uc0\u8220{}Software defined radio for small satellites,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}2015 IEEE Aerospace Conference}, Mar. 2015, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}9. doi: 10.1109/AERO.2015.7118901.
\
[6]\tab T. M. Inc, {\i{}Satellite Communications Toolbox (R2024b)}. (2024). The MathWorks Inc., Natick, Massachusetts, United States. [Online]. Available: https://www.mathworks.com
\
[7]\tab ISISPACE, \uc0\u8220{}CubeSat Antenna System for 1U/3U - ISISPACE.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Feb. 28, 2025. [Online]. Available: https://www.isispace.nl/product/cubesat-antenna-system-1u-3u/
\
[8]\tab M2 Antenna Systems Inc, \uc0\u8220{}436CP30 Antenna Datasheet.\uc0\u8221{} Feb. 23, 2017. Accessed: Mar. 21, 2025. [Online]. Available: https://www.m2inc.com/content/PDF%20MANUALS/70CMANTS/436CP30MAN04-W.pdf
\
[9]\tab MathWorks, \uc0\u8220{}MATLAB slantRangeCircularOrbit Documentation.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Mar. 14, 2025. [Online]. Available: https://uk.mathworks.com/help/satcom/ref/slantrangecircularorbit.html
\
[10]\tab I. del Portillo, \uc0\u8220{}ITU-Rpy: A python implementation of the ITU-R P. Recommendations to compute atmospheric attenuation in slant and horizontal paths.\uc0\u8221{} GitHub, 2017. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/inigodelportillo/ITU-Rpy/
\
[11]\tab G. Quintana-Diaz, D. Nodar-L\uc0\u243{}pez, A. Gonz\uc0\u225{}lez Mu\uc0\u237{}\uc0\u241{}o, F. Aguado Agelet, C. Cappelletti, and T. Ekman, \uc0\u8220{}Detection of radio interference in the UHF amateur radio band with the Serpens satellite,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Advances in Space Research}, vol. 69, no. 2, pp. 1159\uc0\u8211{}1169, Jan. 2022, doi: 10.1016/j.asr.2021.10.017.
\
[12]\tab M. H. Same, G. Gandubert, P. Ivanov, R. Landry, and G. Gleeton, \uc0\u8220{}Effects of Interference and Mitigation Using Notch Filter for the DVB-S2 Standard,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Telecom}, vol. 1, no. 3, pp. 242\uc0\u8211{}265, Dec. 2020, doi: 10.3390/telecom1030017.
\
[13]\tab B. Sklar, {\i{}Digital communications: fundamentals and applications}, 2. ed., 17. print. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall PTR, 2009.
\
[14]\tab SSB, \uc0\u8220{}SP-7000 Datasheet.\uc0\u8221{} SSB, Jan. 26, 2012. Accessed: Mar. 14, 2025. [Online]. Available: https://www.ssb.de/shop/download/EN-1050_SP-7000.pdf
\
[15]\tab A. Zeedan and T. Khattab, \uc0\u8220{}CubeSat Communication Subsystems: A Review of On-Board Transceiver Architectures, Protocols, and Performance,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Access}, vol. 11, pp. 88161\uc0\u8211{}88183, 2023, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3304419.
\
[16]\tab \
[17]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Software defined radio for small satellites | IEEE Conference Publication | IEEE Xplore.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Mar. 31, 2025. [Online]. Available: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.proxy.lib.strath.ac.uk/document/7118901/
\
[18]\tab {\i{}Radio noise}, Rec. P.372-13, Sep. 2016.
\
}